
# 07-06-15 meeting

##  Outline

1. schedule regular meetings

### [Sprint Process](../process/sprint-planning-meeting.md)

### Code:

1. Pair review current codebase

## Notes

### schedule regular meetings

Wednesday: 1-2.30

### Resolving Blocks

### High-level focus

**Outcome: Holodex data are relevant to users**
1. Outcome: Users can easily update their own data
1. Outcome: User's data updates reactively from other sources

**Notes:**

Tension: When we pull in data from other source, Holodex becomes a visualisation service but not a source of truth

Holodex does not impose a global "source of truth". An agents view of truth is subjective. 
https://github.com/ssbc/secure-scuttlebutt/issues/86

**Outcome: People understand Holodex is a legit business within Enspiral.** 

1. Outcome: People understand how Holodex aspires to provide a People and Groups API to:
 1. solve the admin burden of maintaining group lists across platforms
 1. solve the fatigue associated wth keeping user data consistent across platforms
 1. reduce the development costs of creating software for groups
 1. eliminate the cost of onboarding a network to the new platform
1. Users can discover People, groups and connections they were'nt aware of.

### Capacity assessment

## Simon

2 nights a week in June. Optional weekends. Reassess in July

## Mikey

5 days a week in June. Also doing related Craftworks facilitation. 

### Problem identification

#### What is Holodex doing?

Doing venture updates (what we did last period, what we plan to do this period, what we need help with), hosting collaborative workshops, etc.

#### What problems are most important to solve?

Discover mid to high level problems by talking to users with the current app as a reference point.

#### Unknown poduct architecture

### Problem prioritization

@simontegg

1. value propositions
1. Open App update
1. internal Enspiral Services update

@ahdinosaur

1. landing page
1. do user problem discovery process
1. finish mission and vision (holon-y stuff)
1. try to understand Holodex product architecture
